I think people are going
a little too far with the hot apple and stole the
plan don't you see the cane that they are giving
mackerel to the media lynching that
this kid has been going through since the moment he
released the video exposing everything he
was doing with the masters he cited
the rodense ballet yes I know I'll shut up
well maybe not me third that
although I like this kid you
know how good I have a
love-hate relationship with him okay I don't hate him either
okay but a little bit of arguments
and what does it give me because the guy is very hypocritical
the guy is a [ __ ] hypocrite and he is good
but well I don't hate him either and I think
people are going too far [ __ ] it's
even in wikipedia in
curry's wikipedia it says he is the
younger brother of the also youtube and scammer
jota redhead in [ __ ] wikipedia I
think this is going too far no no there is not a
comment on my instagram photos
by the way everyone follows me on
instagram their stability and it doesn't matter that
in all  parts well everywhere except
twitter because on twitter I'm a fugitive
on twitter I'm like escaping from the
law okay with fake accounts but they don't
let me set foot in twitter it's like a country
where I'm banned I can't step foot in
that state anymore and there isn't a single
comment on my twitter photos because
when I go to post photos I always
search for a little quote on google like
this one from mister wonderful about motivations
or something like that and all the
comments are lower I'm sure he
took the quote from tuesday from j
redhead ha ha ha ha this one is a little
obsessed I'm not a loser he's
a youtube artist he dedicated
a video to it full of adjectives
beautiful adjectives and others redhead how he is a
poor man who can't give himself any more in
life he said what can I do with all
my failure what access do you give me flowers what are you
doing he hasn't fulfilled his dreams jp is a
[ __ ] failure I should have
given him a lookalike right now I swear hello I'm
jota redhead I use this smile to
hide my imminent depression
and here it  hermitage of [ __ ] [ __ ] of a
15 year old graffiti artist it would be better to
sell curry's organs on the
black market he is a [ __ ] [ __ ]
well he left so red they never behave
enough [ __ ] but how happy if you
are depressed son of a [ __ ] you are
an [ __ ] or he has red hair josemi
flores megan fatal oh nobody knew I didn't dislike her
after 25 minutes of
video there are many people who throw their
hands to their heads with this video today is
a sting okay saying that they can
report her don't see what is going to
fall on her let's see how to be able to report her I
could report her I know there are many people
who like to make absurd reports
something else already wherever they go okay the
first thing is that for me at least a
performance and this girl is not
really like that but she is exaggerating her
role I know that this sounds
a little bit weak and michu already its me I have
changed and it was my character but
I really think that this girl does
an exaggeration on youtube to make us
laugh and it is a criticism that although it
contains some insults has been coming
from the  satire from the humor for those who
find it funny and even look at the
worst you can say to him that he is a son of a
[ __ ] legally in Spain it is no longer
considered an insult okay because
son of a [ __ ] is already used as a
bad word but at the end of the day it
is a synonym for a bad person
so it is not a crime what I do
see is a bit too much of
all the people who call him a scammer
because I think that scamming is a crime not
calling him a scammer would be accusing him of a
crime therefore it is quite serious
that they call him a scammer from my point of
view I think that is too much I do
not think he is a scammer I think he
is a hypocrite a charlatan a
smoke seller a profiteer we could even
say naive people but here I do not
see that there is any scam okay
guys because he is offering
something in exchange for money if there is any
idiot who is willing to pay
for this shitty master's degree there is him but
for me I want to make it clear that it
is not a scam and that I do not see it as good that he
calls him a scammer things let's go  where
this kid I don't
particularly like but damn the
scammer isn't even offering to
return the money once the
course is finished after having paid so there is no
scam here what pass me
kids I am that skill subscribe
to this channel if you don't know it
today we are going to talk about a video that
j pelirro has uploaded well this is the
second video that he uploads trying to
justify what happened in the second
video that he uploads but he wants to
make it look like it's the first he
sells it as if he is finally going to give his
version of all the facts I thought it
would be time to explain it to
everyone share my own opinion my
version of the facts and that both
reporter and the rest of the people
can form their own opinion on the
matter from there it is a matter of
if not this is not the first video he makes
talking about this and giving his version this
is already the second video in fact the second
video apart from many stories on
instagram so it is not the first time
that he talks so much his version okay like I don't
know what this is about well yes yes I know  what
this comes to is that he can't
stay calm he's not satisfied with
the image every hawk what everyone thinks
about him today because he has
come to disappoint many people
even people who were very close to
him people in his environment who
appreciate him and have been completely
disappointed okay they don't want to know anything
about him therefore he can't stay
calm or satisfied with the image he
has and he doesn't stop turning to jp
what I think is that you should be
part of this bandwagon honestly to something else
besides he looks like yellow face
not like paler it doesn't notice like more
orange than usual I see him quite
deteriorated jp this isn't doing you
any good and I tell you as a colleague he
put on the red jacket to see
if they catch him for an 80
commercial like you however before
getting into the subject I would like to clarify that I am
aware that there are a
lot of people who call him to
rape me and that it doesn't matter if I do something
wrong or if I screw up they will always be
there to defend me tooth and
nail no matter what happens and in the same
way be aware of this too
I am aware that there is another
side to the coin, a lot of people who don't like me
or hate me
unconditionally and that no matter how much
good I do or try to contribute to the
world, they will always be insulting,
criticizing, trying to destroy
anything that I want to create. That is why I
decided to disable the
comments on this video because I do not
want it to become a
pitched battle between both sides if they want to
argue, let them argue but please
do it somewhere else. Well, here
we partly agree but partly we do
n't, that's how it is. It is true that there is a
certain fanaticism, some youtubers
have more fans where other youtubers
have less, but it is something that is
worth it, there are people who
are always blindly supporting the
youtuber who continues to agree with them on
everything, never correcting them always
despite what they say or what they do and that
seems quite bad to me,
I do not like Valerio, in fact I always
tell my followers that if they have to
contradict me on something, let them contradict me,
like for example what is going to
happen in the last video that we are going to do, which I
totally disagree with  with you guys it's
okay I've had one fall on the last video
tremendous I have the comment box
full of people [ __ ] half dead
threatening to not follow me again
not to watch any of my videos again
saying what a shitty video and all
because I made it with a gameplay
background that they leave the
play out for the beta so I have to come out
here showing my face that the videos
are not the same and average but what does that have to do with it
sir the day I
recorded that [ __ ] video I didn't feel like getting
ready dude I was in pajamas with my
glasses my hair was really bad I said look well I do
n't feel like getting in front of the
camera this isn't the first time I
've done it on more than one occasion I mean
this isn't simply that I'm going to
change the format or that I'm not going to
appear on camera again or anything it's
just a video dude a video in
which I want to make a review I want to
tell you something but I don't feel like
recording myself [ __ ] what's so [ __ ] wrong
here is
a video from 2017 in which I also
did it and I think I have a few more well it
turns out to be  that people have totally banned me from
recording videos again if
my face they want to enjoy well I
also understand them it is not obvious
getting back to the subject is that you j redhead have
not only disabled the comments
on that video so that a war does not form
a pitched battle in the
comments box of this non-current video you
also disable the lines and the
likes and this seems very cowardly on your
part when this is done it seems to me that it
must be a person who has something to
hide I will not tell you what but I think
you have something to hide or fear look I
always give the same example but you
all know that in January I was or
dried with the issue of argos and the whole
story of this and I was like
wrong not all my followers
were throwing themselves at me because
everyone thought I was very wrong
and in the end it turns out that the kids well
at that time I still do not get off my
donkey because I thought I was
right and it was my opinion and that's it and even so
with all that I was receiving I
left the threads of likes files so that
people could have the freedom to
put whatever they wanted
this video with  more than 30,000 dislikes is
that I'm whole, I mean look, look at the chest
that I have, it was basically a
free 7-day training where this
product was offered in a free version, from there I
sent them a masterclass where I already
launched the paid product itself.
This is a technique that is used
a lot currently both here and in the
US. Before I start talking about it, it's something that happens
every day, you know something that most
people, even many people I imagine are already
used to the fact that on the
internet they offer you certain things about
free products and then if you
want to continue learning more or if you
want to access more of that product,
then it becomes peace. This is
relatively new in the entire
internet world, but let's say it's the same thing we
see in shopping centers
when they give you free food to
try and that way you end up buying the
product or when they give you
free samples with magazines or newspapers,
whatever, so you can try it at home and
then say, I liked this, okay,
here he talks a little about the technique that he has
used to get his followers to put it in there with
all the celina on
Tuesday, no, and that Tuesday that  final it
has a price of a thousand bucks from the first
hour he sold it as something pleasant
in fact in the first video that he made
announcing the master's degree the master's degree the course was
sold as something totally free
in fact emphasizing the
word free free free like
nobody is going to give you something so good and
so free but then people
found out that if they wanted to continue with
the course after a week then they
had nasturtiums okay I'll buy it it's
a good marketing strategy that
by the way hits you the whole video every
time you want to listen to something saying
the word it's a
marketing strategy every time he puts his foot in it's
a marketing strategy if you go to watch
the whole video which by the way I have
uploaded to my secondary channel at the same time it
is the complete reaction okay this is going to
be the most important part but in the
secondary channel well you have my first
reaction in case you want it bertero and all
and everything the guy is saying about the
marketing strategy or is it like
for jota redhead
marketing strategy is the new social experiment
the thing that is worth that is dangerous I'll buy it
you used the strategy of
first giving him a free sample and
then selling him the  that is worth money no well
look I'm going to remind you of the tweets
you posted just a few months ago okay it
seems that dallas wants more it should be
another live stream with him in any case let it be so that
everyone can see it for
free
no from time approximately 10 minutes
for the debate in dallas' tweet but he
said that it is free for everyone I
imagine that he will open the
free comments also for everyone that would be his thing
yes if ads I'm going to eat fixed
monetize them monetize to build like
elche another redhead already in all the
videos that I have made for you on the
main channel a lot has been taken out he has even
taken many excerpts from that debate in which
you he blames dallas for
monetizing that there are things that are put up for
free things that are paid for that he asks for money not so that
people can help him you see how
you are a hypocrite another redhead is
common he is a hypocrite I mean you can
use the marketing strategy of
give a sample of your product to
your followers for free but then
charge them what you feel
like but then you think it's wrong that someone else
takes it and has it for  your
paying subscribers exclusive content on twitch
so this is one thing that we have all
I have free content on my
channels but I have
exclusive content for people who are
subscribed paying in millions although by
the way if you want to go there but
the marketing strategy is
good for you when it comes out to you from the
orange ball when it comes out to someone else it
is very bad and very ethically morally
correct and correct of course when
presenting this paid product
other marketing strategies committed
as to how much this product would be valued
which in the end is still something one hundred
percent subjective and putting the
final price by breaking the product of the
product of the course in a matter of two
months it ended up selling for 997 euros
okay over here he just told us about another
marketing strategy this time it is
about him as a strategy he
tells us how much the course is valued
to leave us the cheapest then you
exemplary he says that he sets the prices
very subjective also it makes me laugh that he
says very subjective because they are other
words that you have valued it what you have come
out [ __ ] because according to him the
course was valued at 4 thousand euros  I
already have a video of this on the
secondary channel you can see it okay but here I
read all the prices at what he
supposedly thinks the course is valued at and
in the end well he didn't even do the sums
right but he was making close to four
thousand euros and he leaves it to you for a thousand this is
a strategy that according to him he uses
because he's very smart and he says people hey
you're valued at 4,000 but me or it
could be a huge discount I'll
leave it for a thousand and now here with your holy ball he
's admitting that
you set that price because he's crazy
this to me from my point of
view is this would be deceiving because you
're telling people that they're
leaving them something much more than it's
worth 12 any one is good
any short one because things as they
are you have to
be short so he says hey look
at well [ __ ] I'm going to take advantage of the opportunity
because I'm going to save 3 thousand euros something
that I think is worth highlighting about this
video is that he places a lot of emphasis on the fact that
in the end you've only got 18 students
out of the 30 that were originally going to
take advantage of  take some of the 30 who were going to
have the privilege let's not be
mistaken but you only
kept 18 because you didn't see the other 12 as
prepared and so before
having to give them back the money and all that, well,
you said look, you're not
ready, you didn't get in and I got 218 okay
you put this here as a
medal, not in a way that I'm very honest I didn't
want to keep
other people's money because you're very pure jp wait
I wonder if in that course there were
1,500 first-class people and according to
you in this video only 40 showed up
40 people complaining about your
behavior and how shitty it
was and you say this several times in this
video how is it that out of all those 1,500
people minus the 40 only 18
wanted to sign up because okay you
discarded some people because you didn't
see them prepared but you couldn't
fill
30 people with the others jp
this smells more like you when you even
found everything you had 18 people  since they
had paid you if you said let's close
the bar here before I
leave because you have put sold out places
on your website you have put
sold out places file and the places are not
sold out you said that you were going to take up to
30 if you have people that have been
discarded you could have caught another
but no jp people are not happy with
your course everything has exploded and you have been
left with very naive people from tap who have
wanted to pay you for this that does not
see it obligates you to be very careful I have said it
over and over again that I do not make it illegal for
everyone to do with their money what is out
of the ordinary and that if there are people who feel like
paying a thousand payments to this guy to
read them four sentences bite water it was
for them hey there are people who donate
money to me this is wrong so I think
I made more by uploading this song
today I think I did wrong by uploading that
song that is why
I put that song private a long time ago and decided
that I did not want it to continue being
published because I think that for today it does not
represent me  and look it hasn't been
that long but luckily people are
evolving in some at a
faster pace
in this click that we just saw if it
begins to excuse the subject of the song I do
n't know if you will remember but a few
months ago jp suddenly released a musical theme
throwing fun at another partner among them
to Europe play boy michu I am an applied
and this song well hey had its moment
of controversy and we were commenting on it on
this channel an author was also commenting on it
in a few and here he is
shielding himself from the song saying that
well he has regretted it that
today it does not represent him that he has deleted it
for the same reason and here he is lying jota
pelirro again in this video you are
lying to your followers this
song is not that it does not represent you now it
is that according to you at the time that
reaction has never represented you you
yourself said in a video that has also been
deleted that evaluates how the
most important channels in this country have grown
try to see what things you can do
to do things that are really incorrect or
with things that I do not see myself doing as I do
not know  I could improve a battle against
my ex or something like that to get the
other views but it's not my thing
morally correct that I don't give a damn the
balls the moral
jp is
videos you said that it was all a
marketing strategy that you
came up with to revive your channel it is
assumed according to your words okay not me
making them up you didn't do that song
seriously that you made your selection
to get in the mouths of
other youtubers who among them well
only contrast Dallas's mouth
and if you debate him he was once again in
everyone's mouth and it backfired on you
because they are selling me in this video that
you released that song to criticize
others and all that stuff that
today does not represent you because you see it
wrong when when you at the time
said that that song exists on
purpose of how he was a liar guy and well
you would be saying that here it
comes now that I bring up the subject
of the song again when we are talking
about the subject of the courses the scam
this roll of checking tapes you want to
relate the fact that all the people were
throwing it at him because we already have a
grudge against him  since the song thing but he
's not a youtuber that I
particularly like but he's not a
person that I dislike very much he has
many bad things between him I would
highlight well one thing that makes my
mind that he would support the
content of verdel and that is something
that seems very public to me when in this
video well in this musical theme now he's
going to criticize a type of content well
man
content that I would not support it would be
lee's duty and you take it to your house
there to fly to jump by parachute
basically that the dick apart I don't
agree with him on other things in
other videos that he has had with other
youtubers and well yes I have to say something
about jota but right that also has its
good things like for
example like for example that I don't
think he'll go bald and that in the
end is very good in fact in this
video you left a comment on this video now it doesn't
appear to me I don't know if I would delete it ok but
I don't have any bad radio with you or
is in danger I have never hated you there will be little
that I love but neither that I hate you
when I'm right I will give it to you  and
when I don't have it I won't give it to you it's like
you're a 22 redhead eyes see how they
try to manipulate the few people that
believe in you man not only is
the song removed but
the video where you admitted if you
explained to people that you
had made the song wanting to be back
on top is also removed from your channel and now
a few months later you're here saying
that we criticize you because we
hate you two people who already hated me
that unlimited hatred that we talked about at the
beginning like naut airplay and like
Mr. Jaime Olivera and in his day I
criticized and commented on that song and if I
remember correctly an author too but not
against you because you messed with
Dallas or with cars and we love
Dallas very much now we criticize it
because we believed that the song was
serious or rather what we were saying I know I do
n't remember correctly in that it was very
little because I was criticizing the
salsero generating the salsero there I have it I'm
not going to defend myself from those people
because I say it has made me belong to that
side of unlimited hatred and therefore
apart from  that they have said a lot of
nonsense and lies about everything that I have
done anyway I do not want to waste time
with them but here when the
Rodinger chair is involved something else comes into
play and that is that this woman if she has
credibility or rather she is not going to
answer us because everything we
say is a lie and we have been playing for a long
time but who is going to answer
Rodinger's cat because look because yes
because she does have credibility I am
very fond of Rodinger's cat
I have a good relationship with her I think she is
a very pretty girl in all aspects
but can someone tell me in the
comments what Rodinger's cat said
is that I would not have said it in my
video this one I am not saying it to value the
cat's video in the cat's video it
had [ __ ] great like all its
content but as far as I
remember there is something different in the
information that she gave and in the one that
we gave so that you do not want to
answer us but to her if you
are a hypocritical redheaded jota it is that you do
not demonstrate at every step that  you give me
dedicate yourself to skydiving
dedicate yourself to the air tunnel be a
piece of hypocrite you do not want to
hold on to things that are not that to
us
another day mos and that is why we have
criticized you can you explain to me what happens to
the block I stop it on the network I am a
graffiti and many other youtubers who
have laughed at this are also friends of
Dallas they are also satellites of Dallas and
so criticized because they hate you and well
also makes a small mention of
today's topic applied to the video that I
am a graffiti made to you and with the subject of the video
that he made me without learning nor am I going to
get into it for a simple reason and that is that I
think he already has enough with
who he is and more than being
disappointed with we get along and anyway what I
am disappointed with is with YouTube
as a platform that allows
channels that incite hatred in that
way and I would like please for
someone from YouTube to explain to me how a
channel like that that is violating
YouTube's community rules
we are everywhere how it continues
and jp for sure  that right now they are
contacting you from youtube and
suspending your channel I am a pine for
laughing at you but basically since you
are here accusing people
of inciting hatred since you laughed
at Dallas and said how bad
Dallas is not for monetizing all the
misfortune and the video that he throws at
others I am going to remind you of these two
songs that you made to Rousseff
and a scarce part is 20 bars and the other
is Behind the Mask a song in which Comporta
collaborated through
which air h things about
Rousseff's personal life mit and you needed leisure
from my point of view and if you needed
hate well at least through
these videos from my point of view I
was trying to make it clear that rus or ras
as it is pronounced that he was a bad
person and well basically that he was a
monster a motor was jp but about
hypocrisy colleague and nothing guys that's all for
today's video I hope you
liked it I hope you like redheads
keep giving me many chapters of
entertainment  because the truth is that I
love to remember that I have
the complete reaction to this video on my
secondary channel, okay, that reaction is
totally virgin, I mean, it's not that I'm a
virgin because with this body it's
impossible, what I mean is that that
was the first reaction to the video, okay, I had
n't seen it and you have the
complete reaction on my secondary channel
and that please subscribe and all
because we are about to reach the
second silver plaque of, come on, gentlemen,
a lot of like and we'll see you in the
next video